# AdaStress.jl

This package implements the Adaptive Stress Testing (AST) framework, which finds the likeliest failures for a system under test.

The package provides three primary services:
- An interface between a user simulation and the AST framework
- A variety of RL-based solvers
- A suite of analysis and visualization tools

To begin using AdaStress, create a simulation that inherits from `ASTInterface.GrayBox` or `ASTInterface.BlackBox` and implements the functions in `GrayBox.jl` or `BlackBox.jl`, respectively.

The simulation should expose an `Environment` object containing the distributions of the environment variables over which the stress testing takes place. For example,
```
env = Environment(
    :var1 => Normal(0.0, 1.0),                # scalar variable
    :var2 => Uniform(-1.0, 1.0),
    :var3 => Normal([0.0, 1.0], [0.5, 0.1]),  # vector variable
    :var4 => CustomDist(5, 7, 3.0)            # custom distribution
)
```
At each step, the simulation must accept an `EnvironmentValue` object, corresponding to samples from the `Environment`. For example,
```
val = EnvironmentValue(
    :var1 => 0.657,                      # scalar variable
    :var2 => -0.451,
    :var3 => [0.233, 0.849],             # vector variable
    :var4 => CustomObj(0.121, -3.260)    # custom object
)
```
Note that `EnvironmentValue` objects are never constructed by the user as above, but generated by the interface. For in-depth information about the inferface, see the Interface guide.

For background on original AST formulation, see
> Lee, Ritchie, Mykel J. Kochenderfer, Ole J. Mengshoel, Guillaume P. Brat, and Michael P. Owen. "Adaptive stress testing of airborne collision avoidance systems." In 2015 IEEE/AIAA 34th Digital Avionics Systems Conference (DASC), pp. 6C2-1. IEEE, 2015.
